Add helm chart description to README (#31)
scalar-labs/scalar-admin-for-kubernetes: README.md

## Run the CLI tool in a Kubernetes environment by using a Helm Chart

> You can use Helm Chart to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes in the Kubernetes environment. See [Configure a custom values file for ScalarDB Cluster](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-scalardb-cluster/) and [How to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/how-to-deploy-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/) for more details on Helm Chart of Scalar Admin for Kubernetes.

Author: @josh-wong 
Thank you for your review!

> - How about if we combine the two sentences into one sentence?

Looks good! Thank you for your suggestion!

> - Do we need to include links to any other docs for configuring custom values files?
>   - For example, we have other docs that describe how to configure a custom values file listed at [Configure a custom values file for Scalar Helm Charts](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-file/). If so, I think we'll need to reword this a bit more.

Ah, sorry... I set the wrong document link...
For Scalar Admin for Kubernetes, users only need to see the following two documents.

1. [Configure a custom values file for Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/)
1. [How to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/how-to-deploy-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/)

And, basically, they don't need to update other custom values files like ScalarDB Cluster or ScalarDL to run Scalar Admin for Kubernetes.

So, how about the following sentence?

```suggestion
For details on how to use a Helm Chart to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes in a Kubernetes environment, see:

1. [Configure a custom values file for Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/)
1. [How to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/how-to-deploy-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/)
```

> You can use Helm Chart to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes in the Kubernetes environment. See [Configure a custom values file for ScalarDB Cluster](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-scalardb-cluster/) and [How to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/how-to-deploy-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/) for more details on Helm Chart of Scalar Admin for Kubernetes.

Reviewer: Thank you for the explanation! That makes sense to me😄

> You can use Helm Chart to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes in the Kubernetes environment. See [Configure a custom values file for ScalarDB Cluster](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-scalardb-cluster/) and [How to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/how-to-deploy-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/) for more details on Helm Chart of Scalar Admin for Kubernetes.

Reviewer: Actually, should we point to both the ScalarDB and ScalarDL docs sites in this case?

```suggestion
For details on how to use a Helm Chart to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes in a Kubernetes environment, see the following documentation based on the product you're using:

### ScalarDB

1. [Configure a custom values file for Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/)
1. [How to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/how-to-deploy-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/)

### ScalarDL

1. [Configure a custom values file for Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardl.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/)
1. [How to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardl.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/how-to-deploy-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/)
```

> You can use Helm Chart to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes in the Kubernetes environment. See [Configure a custom values file for ScalarDB Cluster](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/configure-custom-values-scalardb-cluster/) and [How to deploy Scalar Admin for Kubernetes](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/helm-charts/how-to-deploy-scalar-admin-for-kubernetes/) for more details on Helm Chart of Scalar Admin for Kubernetes.

Author: > Actually, should we point to both the ScalarDB and ScalarDL docs sites in this case?

Ah, I see. The contents are the same, but the URLs are different.
Thank you for your suggestion!
